## Introduction
<p>
Hello, my name is Mitchell and I am a recent Computer Science graduate with a concentration in software engineering. I have close to 3 years of software engineering experience and have gained essential and applicable computer science knowledge that I can utilize throughout the entire software development lifecycle. 
<br>
While completing the Computer Science program at Southern New Hampshire University, I have been able to directly apply the concepts and skills I have learned every day in my current role. Additionally, I have been able to learn new technologies and tools which has allowed me to learn how to pick up new skills quickly and effectively. Throughout the CS program at SNHU, I have studied and learned <strong>Agile methodologies</strong> and <strong>team collaboration</strong> with the use of <strong>Git and Bitbucket</strong> to work together with peers in the CS program while completing code reviews and learning from constructive feedback. Within my Software Development Lifecycle course, I have also learned how to <strong>communicate to stakeholders</strong> and have experience interacting with customers to gather requiements and implmement requested features. Additionally, I have studied <strong>data structures and algorithms</strong> at SNHU and have had opportunities to implement algorithms for products in my current role. Other important skills I have gained throughout my time in the CS program are software engineering and databases and have practiced security by learning secure coding best practices. The following artifacts are projects that I have completed either for coursework or outside of coursework for my Capstone project, giving me the opportunity to learn new technologies and improve and apply my current skills.
</p>


